and well hi to all and dirt magna then
today we find ourselves not for
a video on black ops of may for a
sending attempt is fooled aude on
two community channels that are the
peace vctv and the community code that you
could have seen in intro at the beginning then
for today's topic that is not
not on black ops the puts in relation
with black ops of view that this game is
already a connection to the game that is already
quite common already since black ops
first name and it's already several
years that we are a little tired of everything
that and there is not necessarily all the
world who wants to afford to have a
skin lections drinking then we're going
try to remedy that by trying to
help you a lot with this tutorial then
already you go go to settings and
network settings then you go
go to connection settings
Internet
so then it'll disconnect you from
psn or at home xbl xbox live
for those who are on xbox xbox name
it should not be a problem otherwise
it's not very different then
you're not going to face it and you
will do customize customize
make a wireless connection or by
cable according to your thing
so me it's wireless then you
go grab manual after you
continue continue continue you continue
there you do automatic for
the ip address and then you do not do
not define by cons configuration
from the dns you do manual and you go
introduce the following numbers into the
primary dns and secondary dns
so the primary dns you put 8 8 8
8 and in the secondary dns you put
8 8 4 and 4 so no it should you
increase the connection for some
so you will continue the mt had to
automatic proxy you do not do it
use upnp makes you activated after
you finished that makes you validate and
you test your connection
so for those who do not know
this technique where who do not have
obviously seen from tutorial on youtube
I hope it will help you because
good after I looked anyway
some tutorial about the collection
on the two community channels to
who I send this story of anyway
see if there is something already there
already had a tutorial only one of the two
chains did not really appreciate
it was rather the guy he has here
did not know too much so I thought
we will do it again I have nothing to lose
and so here I turn to 7.9 megabit
per second and 682 kilobits per second
so it's a pretty cool collection
I recommend it you will see that it
would make that it will still be a
quite a good difference at the level of
multiplayer you'll see that that
returns
you will feel that it fits a
little better but hey if you had already had
a collection already better than that which
would still surprise me ballet that's
as you have before anyway me I
let this panic that because
when I have the basic collection got
not so good and more savary once
that's it's going down serious that has a
collection of merle and sometimes it goes up
oh it's drinkable and that's not all
the super chic time to play when one is
in the multi because actually it's
not all the nice time to go back
in one game and four barred finish
with stockings
so here I hope you will be silent
please do not forget to click the video
I also thank both channels
Community in case of OLP and fashion
I also hope that the tutorial will provide you
a good collection reach or that's it
so chao and receive the next